README.md, before:

# **Logo Generator** [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

I created this project to help others create a simple logo by answering a few quick questions. Utilize node in your terminal to answer a few questions regarding the logo, and a new SVG file will be created based on user input. The SVG file will contain your created logo, which you can utilize in any project you may need it.

#**Table of Contents**<br><ul><li>[Features](#features)</li><li>[Installation](#installation)</li><li>[Usage](#usage)</li><li>[Technology](#technology)</li><li>[Tests](#test)</li><li>[Credits](#credits)</li><li>[Contribute](#contribute)</li><li>[Questions](#questions)</li><li>[License](#license)</li>

# **Features**

This application utilizes inquirer to create a simple command prompt interface for creating a logo inside an SVG file.

# **Installation**

To run this application, clone a copy onto your pc by entering the following command in your terminal of choice:
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong><br>git clone git@github<span>.com:Essence1987/logos.git</span></strong></p><br>
Once the repo is copied to your device, ensure your terminal is pointing at the cloned repos directory and enter the following command:
<p style="text-align: center;"><br><strong>node index.js</strong></p>

# **Usage**

For a demonstration, please watch the following video:

# **Technology**

-NPM
-Inquirer
-JEST

# **Test**

To run tests on this application, enter the following command into the terminal: <p style="text-align: center;"><br><strong>nxt jest</strong></p> <br>If you would like to create your tests you can edit the shapes.test.js file with your updated testing parameters and then run the command.

# **Credits**

This was a solo project with no contributors taking part.

# **Contribute**

This is a personal project, and I am not currently accepting Contributions. However, if you wish to reach me for further projects, please message me at hwmelander@gmail.com.

# **Questions**

Click the image below to go to my GitHub page!

<a href="https://github.com/essence1987"><img src="https://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/profile-details?username=essence1987&theme=default"/></a>

My email is hwmelander@gmail.com

# **License**

Logo Generator is released under [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT). Click on the badge for more information.

Commit message:

edited content in README file

README.md, after:

# **Logo Generator** [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

I created this project to help others create a simple logo by answering a few quick questions. Utilize node in your terminal to answer a few questions regarding the logo, and a new SVG file will be created based on user input. The SVG file will contain your created logo, which you can utilize in any project you may need it.

#**Table of Contents**<br><ul><li>[Features](#features)</li><li>[Installation](#installation)</li><li>[Usage](#usage)</li><li>[Technology](#technology)</li><li>[Tests](#test)</li><li>[Credits](#credits)</li><li>[Contribute](#contribute)</li><li>[Questions](#questions)</li><li>[License](#license)</li>

# **Features**

This application utilizes inquirer to create a simple command prompt interface for creating a logo inside an SVG file.

# **Installation**

To run this application, clone a copy onto your pc by entering the following command in your terminal of choice:
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong><br>git clone git@github<span>.com:Essence1987/logos.git</span></strong></p><br>
Once the repo is copied to your device, ensure your terminal is pointing at the cloned repos directory and enter the following command:
<p style="text-align: center;"><br><strong>node index.js</strong></p>

# **Usage**

The following image shows a mock-up of the generated SVG given the following input entered by the user: `SVG` for the text, `white` for the text color, `circle` from the list of shapes, and `black` for the shape color. Note that this is just an image of the output SVG and not the SVG file itself:

![Image showing a black circle with white text that reads "SVG.".](./examples/circle.svg)

For a demonstration, please watch the following video:

# **Technology**

-NPM
-Inquirer
-JEST

# **Test**

To run tests on this application, enter the following command into the terminal: <p style="text-align: center;"><br><strong>nxt jest</strong></p> <br>If you would like to create your tests you can edit the shapes.test.js file with your updated testing parameters and then run the command.

For a demonstration, please watch the following video:

# **Credits**

This was a solo project with no contributors taking part.

# **Contribute**

This is a personal project, and I am not currently accepting Contributions. However, if you wish to reach me for further projects, please message me at hwmelander@gmail.com.

# **Questions**

Click the image below to go to my GitHub page!

<a href="https://github.com/essence1987"><img src="https://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/profile-details?username=essence1987&theme=default"/></a>

My email is hwmelander@gmail.com

# **License**

Logo Generator is released under [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT). Click on the badge for more information.
